You may be thinking as CSR's is rather a static resource.
What can be insecure with it at first?
Nothing.
But consider this example.
If you have lines like this in your public access file, an attacker to some extent can access the potential
document structure and features for logged in users or for users with special privileges like admin
and it all without having to log in or break any password on its own.
It doesn't allow to carry out any attack but can help in some other sort of attack.
It's the same scenario as with comments revealing too much information is dangerous.
The best solution here would be to split the user's file, removing from the default users file everything
that is not used when an anonymous user is browsing the site.
If everyone can easily register and log in, you can keep the services rules for regular authenticated
users as well.
In such cases, there is no need to protect them.
If everything that an attacker would need to do would be to register using some temporary email address
and fake data.
But all rules for a limited group of users like those for admin must be moved to external file.
Now if you name this file style bash admin CCS, it wouldn't be too hard for an attacker to find it
by guessing its name.
So the external services file itself needs to be protected with proper access control.
The proper way to achieve this goal is to move the system rules to a B file instead of doing this.
Do this.
And includes the authorization logic also within the ABC as this file.
First we checked the permissions to prevent output of the linked tag, which would disclose the path
ruining the whole strategy.
Second, we checked the permissions in the file to prevent displaying its contents without proper authorization
in case someone guesses or knows the path.
So now, even if an attacker could guess the path, they won't see anything.
They will get the forum for error.
It can trigger the less professional attacker because it would look like the file doesn't exist.
But the professional attacker might find out that the response time for this file was a little longer
than for a really nonexistent file because before the response, the engine needed to run.
Anyway, knowing that there is a separate file with admin styles is not too dangerous itself.
It's definitely much less risky than revealing all its contents.
Of course, unless the authorisation is done properly is the user is function in our example.
A part of that using BHP instead of the CIA sis file will also prevent Liberals from cashing it.
Thanks to this, the file will be a little bit more secure because it will not get stored locally on
the computer in cash files where someone else could read its contents without authorization.
It's also possible to configure the server to handle all C users files using BHP engine and this way
retaining the C.
S extension in the same BHP file we created earlier.
You would do that in access using this code, but I wouldn't recommend it for two reasons.
First now all static scissors files will have to run through BHP parser to.
You can limit the configuration to a special subdirectory like this.
But then it all becomes unnecessarily complicated.
The second reason is that in this configuration, the thesis file will most probably be cached by the
browser, which makes it a little bit more insecure for reasons we discussed earlier.